README.md, before:

# DSA Solutions - LeetCode

Welcome to my repository of Data Structures and Algorithms solutions for LeetCode problems. This collection is implemented in **Java** and focuses on clean, efficient, and well-documented code.

## 📂 Project Structure

Each file in this repository represents a solution to a specific LeetCode problem. The files are self-contained and include:
- **Solution Class**: The core logic to solve the problem.
- **Main Method**: Hardcoded test cases to verify the solution locally.
- **Detailed Explanation**: A comment block at the end of each file explaining the approach, algorithm, and complexity analysis (Time & Space).

## 🚀 How to Run

You can run any solution file individually using a Java compiler or an IDE (like VS Code, IntelliJ IDEA, or Eclipse).

### Using Command Line
1. **Compile**:
   ```bash
   javac FileName.java
   ```
2. **Run**:
   ```bash
   java FileName
   ```

   *Example*:
   ```bash
   javac Two_Sum.java
   java Two_Sum
   ```

## 📋 List of Solutions

- [Add Two Numbers](Add_Two_Number.java)
- [Best Time to Buy and Sell Stock](Best_time_to_buy_and_sell_stocks.java)
- [Contains Duplicate](Contains_Duplicates.java)
- [Find All Duplicates in an Array](Find_all_duplicates_in_an_array.java)
- [Generate Parentheses](Generate_parentheses.java)
- [Longest Substring Without Repeating Characters](Longest_Substring_Without_Reapting_Char.java)
- [Palindrome Number](Palindrome_number.java)
- [Perfect Number](Perfect_Number.java)
- [Permutations](Permutation.java)
- [Permutations II](Permutation2.java)
- [Remove Element](Remove_Element.java)
- [Reverse Integer](Reversed_integer.java)
- [Search in Rotated Sorted Array](Search_in_Rotated_Sorted_Array.java)
- [String to Integer (atoi)](String_to_interger.java)
- [Subsets](Subset.java)
- [Subsets II](Subset2.java)
- [Two Sum](Two_Sum.java)
- [Two Sum II - Input Array Is Sorted](Two_Sum2.java)
- [Valid Anagram](Valid_anagram.java)
- [Word Search](Word_Search.java)
- [Selection Sort](Selection_Sort.java)
- [Bubble Sort](Bubble_Sort.java)
- [Insertion Sort](Insertion_Sort.java)
- [Quick Sort](Quick_Sort.java)
- [Merge Sort](Merge_Sort.java)
- [Majority Element](Majority_Element.java)
- [Sort an Array](Sort_an_array.java)
- [Count Inversion](count_inversion.java)
- [Capacity To Ship Packages Within D Days](capacity_to_ship_packages_within_d_day.java)
- [Merge Sort](Sort_an_array.java)
- [Minimum Number of Days to Make M Bouquets](Minimum_Number_of_Days_to_Make_M_Bouquets.java)
- [Sort Colors](Sort_colors.java)
- [Asteroid Collision](asteroid_collision.java)
- [Implement Stack using Queues](Implement_stack_using_queue.java)
- [Daily Temperatures](Daily_Temperatures.java) 
- [Minimum Size Subarray Sum](Minimum_Size_Subarray_Sum.java)        
- [Delete Node in a Linked List](Delete_node_in_linked_list.java)
- [Remove Nth Node From End of List](Remove_Nth_Node_From_End_of_List.java)   
- [Palindrome Linked List](Palindrome_Linked_List.java)
- [Reorder List](Reorder_List.java)



## 📝 Contributions

Feel free to open issues or pull requests if you find any bugs or have suggestions for optimization!

---
*Happy Coding!* 🚀

Commit message:

Added Java solutions for Diameter, Invert, Max Depth, and Min Depth of Binary Tree problems.

README.md, after:

# DSA Solutions - LeetCode

Welcome to my repository of Data Structures and Algorithms solutions for LeetCode problems. This collection is implemented in **Java** and focuses on clean, efficient, and well-documented code.

## 📂 Project Structure

Each file in this repository represents a solution to a specific LeetCode problem. The files are self-contained and include:
- **Solution Class**: The core logic to solve the problem.
- **Main Method**: Hardcoded test cases to verify the solution locally.
- **Detailed Explanation**: A comment block at the end of each file explaining the approach, algorithm, and complexity analysis (Time & Space).

## 🚀 How to Run

You can run any solution file individually using a Java compiler or an IDE (like VS Code, IntelliJ IDEA, or Eclipse).

### Using Command Line
1. **Compile**:
   ```bash
   javac FileName.java
   ```
2. **Run**:
   ```bash
   java FileName
   ```

   *Example*:
   ```bash
   javac Two_Sum.java
   java Two_Sum
   ```

## 📋 List of Solutions

- [Add Two Numbers](Add_Two_Number.java)
- [Best Time to Buy and Sell Stock](Best_time_to_buy_and_sell_stocks.java)
- [Contains Duplicate](Contains_Duplicates.java)
- [Find All Duplicates in an Array](Find_all_duplicates_in_an_array.java)
- [Generate Parentheses](Generate_parentheses.java)
- [Longest Substring Without Repeating Characters](Longest_Substring_Without_Reapting_Char.java)
- [Palindrome Number](Palindrome_number.java)
- [Perfect Number](Perfect_Number.java)
- [Permutations](Permutation.java)
- [Permutations II](Permutation2.java)
- [Remove Element](Remove_Element.java)
- [Reverse Integer](Reversed_integer.java)
- [Search in Rotated Sorted Array](Search_in_Rotated_Sorted_Array.java)
- [String to Integer (atoi)](String_to_interger.java)
- [Subsets](Subset.java)
- [Subsets II](Subset2.java)
- [Two Sum](Two_Sum.java)
- [Two Sum II - Input Array Is Sorted](Two_Sum2.java)
- [Valid Anagram](Valid_anagram.java)
- [Word Search](Word_Search.java)
- [Selection Sort](Selection_Sort.java)
- [Bubble Sort](Bubble_Sort.java)
- [Insertion Sort](Insertion_Sort.java)
- [Quick Sort](Quick_Sort.java)
- [Merge Sort](Merge_Sort.java)
- [Majority Element](Majority_Element.java)
- [Sort an Array](Sort_an_array.java)
- [Count Inversion](count_inversion.java)
- [Capacity To Ship Packages Within D Days](capacity_to_ship_packages_within_d_day.java)
- [Merge Sort](Sort_an_array.java)
- [Minimum Number of Days to Make M Bouquets](Minimum_Number_of_Days_to_Make_M_Bouquets.java)
- [Sort Colors](Sort_colors.java)
- [Asteroid Collision](asteroid_collision.java)
- [Implement Stack using Queues](Implement_stack_using_queue.java)
- [Daily Temperatures](Daily_Temperatures.java) 
- [Minimum Size Subarray Sum](Minimum_Size_Subarray_Sum.java)        
- [Delete Node in a Linked List](Delete_node_in_linked_list.java)
- [Remove Nth Node From End of List](Remove_Nth_Node_From_End_of_List.java)   
- [Palindrome Linked List](Palindrome_Linked_List.java)
- [Reorder List](Reorder_List.java)
- [Diameter of Binary Tree](Diameter_of_Binary_Tree.java)
- [Maximum Depth of Binary Tree](Maximum_Depth_of_Binary_Tree.java)
- [Minimum Depth of Binary Tree](Minimum_Depth_of_Binary_Tree.java)
- [Invert Binary Tree](Invert_Binary_Tree.java)

## 📝 Contributions

Feel free to open issues or pull requests if you find any bugs or have suggestions for optimization!

---
*Happy Coding!* 🚀
